This file is a README markdown file, which contains information about the entire repository.

This repository holds code and reports simulating the software development lifecycle (SDLC) of the data processing software of Chocoholics Anonymous (ChocAn). It is organized into four folders, which represent our progress through different stages of the SDLC. The software that we implemented was created to serve a customer company named Chocoholics Anonymous. This company helps people break their addictions to chocolate with consultations and treatments with health care professionals, namely, dietitians, internists, and exercise experts. This entire project was created by 7 Computer Science undergraduate students named Ethan Busby, Adam Howard, Hariaksha Gunda, Ryan McCulley, Robert Read, Tyler Cruise, and James White. Each report contains a timesheet indicating how much time each member contributed to the then current project, a task distribution table indicating what tasks each member completed, and a BitBucket Statistics screenshot showing member pushes to the repository. Each project folder also includes individual reports for each member excluding the team leader for that project. The folders are organized such that previous project folders are contained in the next chronological project folder. Solutions for Projects 1-3 can be found in the corresponding Report.html files. The Assignments folder contains assignments for Projects 1-4.

The Project 1 folder (Team3_Requirements) contains our requirements analysis for the project. It includes an introduction to the project end goal, a glossary containing important relevant terms relating to Chocoholics Anonymous, a use case diagram for the software system, use case descriptions for each use case, a story selection matrix, and two general security user stories. 

The Project 2 folder (Team3_Analysis) contains our analysis, beginning with our systems operation paragraph, in which we determine what is necessary for the system to operate. We also created a main activity diagram for the entire system. This was supplemented with activity diagrams for each individual use case. Lastly, this folder includes a class stereotype diagram, which would be used later to design our classes.

The Project 3 folder (Team3_Design) illustrates our design process. This includes our class diagram for the software project, sequence diagrams for each use case or method performed by the software, and a paragraph detailing how we approached coupling and cohesion and why we chose our specific system architecture style. 

The Project 4 folder (Team3_Implementation) contains our final implementation and testing. This includes Java files containing Java source code for each of our classes, as well as a Main.java file in the "src" folder. It also contains multiple JUnit test cases testing features from various classes and methods. In its "manual" folder, it contains a user manual explaining how to run the software from scratch and how to test each feature. In the "header" folder, there is a header table showing hours contributed by each member as well as contact information. In the "taskdistribution" folder, there is a task distribution table showing what tasks each contributor completed. The "doc" folder contains auto-generated Javadoc files. The "release" folder contains the auto-generated JAR file using ANT. The final software program can be run by the JAR under the release folder in Team3_Implementation.